# Women-Safety-Application
At any emergency people get panicked and, in that situation, they may not be able to operate their smart phone applications and cannot immediately defend the attacker and protect themselves.The proposed system can be useful for woman and children for security purpose. It consists of wearable safety device having sensors which when activated sends an alert message with location information to the victim’s family and selected contact’s

This project proposed a new women's safety system that aims to give a very secure environment. Many unwanted incidents took place in the case of women. Problems can come from everywhere. This paper analyses the main point of the intelligent security process with technology and system building findings. Analysing and predicting such incident is not possible hence to minimize it this project designed mobile application will be very helpful. Not only in harassing related problem, but it can also be used when someone faces accident or hijacking or public problems Whenever anyone is in any kind of danger, this system will help to decrease the risk and make the world a better and safer place to live. In future will work on designing it more secure for decreasing the crimes at the lowest level. Additionally, planning to introduce two unique features in this application. That is hidden camera. As this is also a safety issue for women. Also identifying microphones. The method which includes user can move his/her phone around doubtful area, if a strong field is detected, user can be aware about hidden device that is secreted within the place. Another feature needs to implement in future is marking the unsafe places. If any user faces felt that place is unsafe, they can tag that place as unsafe zone. This helps another user who are in that place. These features will make it more useful and reliable
